Thus far we always used the external template file and we haven't done anything regarding the styling
of components.
Time to change both.
Now instead of using an external template file you can also use an inline template which means you define
DHT.
All code in the hypes the code sounds strange.
While it's possible we can do this by simply going to our service components here for example and right
now we point to this HDMI file here.
Now we can change template Eurail to template.
One of the two has to be present Ebro linked to an external template or just template to define it in
this file.
But each component needs to have a template.
This is the one property you have to have at all times.
So with that now I changed it to template.
Now we can write our template code here.
So here we could now replicate app server like this.
Maybe twice we have to make sure that we don't wrap this line because it is not supported in a default
typescript string.
And if I now save this we see the same result as before.
So it looks like nothing changed.
And that is good.
In this case because we try to make it look like this.
But actually we did change the way we set up our template here.
Now we're defining VHDL code in this same file.
And actually if you want to write multiline strings here which you probably want if you add more HVM
or code to it you can switch from a normal string of single quotation marks to using tactics to use
javascript template expressions to be able to write modeline strings in between there now.
So now between the opening and closing back Tig you may actually wrap the line and now write your HMO
code like this what should you use should you use this approach year of using template or an external
file.
It depends if you have not that much code not that much aged him the code using inline template like
this might be fine.
Then you have all the logic of the typescript code and that is absolutely OK.
But as soon as you have let's say more than three lines of code in the HCM part here in the template
using an external file is a good idea to make it easier to follow and easier to understand.
It is important though to keep in mind that you can use this approach that you can inline your templates
and very important that you need to have at least a template in a component.
You can omit the selector you will later in the routing section learn a different way of floating components
without using their selector and you don't have to add styles but templates have to be present so that
Word templates.
Now let's have a look at the styles in the next lecture.